EDU-2658: AUG 12 PUB Updates role documentation to add new AccountOwner coverage (#3003)
temporalio/documentation: docs/production-deployment/cloud/account-setup/users.mdx

  - Has Namespace Admin permissions for each Namespace created by that user
- **Read-Only:** Can only read information

:::note Default Role

> By default, the first user assigned to your account is granted the **Account Owner** role. If your account does not have an Account Owner, please [contact Support](https://temporalsupport.zendesk.com/) to assign the appropriate individual to this role.

Reviewer: When the account is created, the initial user who logs in is automatically assigned the Account Owner role. If your account does not have an Account Owner, please reach out to support to have the appropriate individual assigned to this role.

Author: Reworded.

  - Has Namespace Admin permissions for each Namespace created by that user
- **Read-Only:** Can only read information

:::note Default Role

When the account is created, the initial user who logs in is automatically assigned the Account Owner role.
If your account does not have an Account Owner, please reach out to [Support](https://temporalsupport.zendesk.com/) to assign the appropriate individual to this role.

:::

## Using the Account Owner Role

The Account Owner role (i.e., users with the Account Owner system role) holds the highest level of access in the system.

> This role configures account-level parameters and manages Temporal billing and credit data.

Reviewer 2: suggestion: maybe "billing and payment information" if "credit data" is referring to credit card data.

Author: Changing.

Author: (I assume it refers to purchased credits. Please check with your team. For  now, the changes are applied and will be pushed.)

It allows users to perform all actions within the Temporal Cloud account.

:::tip Best Practices

> Temporal strongly recommends the following precautions when assigning the AccountOwner role to users:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Temporal strongly recommends the following precautions when assigning the Account Owner role to users:
```

Author: Changing

- Assign the role to at least two users in your organization.
  Otherwise, limit the number of users with this role.

> - Associate each Account Owner’s email address with their role so Temporal Cloud support can contact them in urgent situations.

Reviewer 2: question: what does this mean? To associate the account owners email address with their role?

Author: I think that's a team question, rather than a docs question

Reviewer 2: @UPatel12 Do you know what this is referring to?

Author: I'm going to do a rephrase on this to:

"Associate an email address with each Account Owner so Temporal Cloud support can be in contact in urgent situations"

Author: Marking this resolved so I don't have unresolved feedback under my next push.

Reviewer: intention is to tell the users "It's best practice to assign this role to a real user's email instead of a service or team email"

## How to update an account-level Role in Temporal Cloud {#update-roles}

With Global Admin or Account Owner privileges, you can update any user's account-level [Role](#account-level-roles) using either the Web UI or `tcld`.
This does not apply to the Account Owner role.

> To create, update, or delete an Account Owner, you must submit a [support ticket](https://temporalsupport.zendesk.com/).

Reviewer 2: suggestion: combine the bullet points on line 152 and 153, maybe something like "For security purposes, Account Owners can only be changed through Temporal Support. To create, update, or delete an Account Owner, you must submit a [support ticket](https://temporalsupport.zendesk.com/)."

Author: These aren't bullet points. They're sentences. On the docs team, we put each sentence on one line so we can more easily diff and inspect changes.

Author: ```
With Global Admin or Account Owner privileges, you can update any user's account-level [Role](#account-level-roles) using either the Web UI or `tcld`.
This does not apply to the Account Owner role.
For security purposes, Account Owners can only be changed through Temporal Support.
To create, update, or delete an Account Owner, you must submit a [support ticket](https://temporalsupport.zendesk.com/).
```

:::info

> To delete a user, a user must have the Account Owner or Global Admin account-level [Role](#account-level-roles).

Reviewer: To delete a user who is not an Account Owner, the person performing the deletion must have either Account Owner or Global Admin privileges.
